raw data sources for "How to Measure Historical Perspective"
============================================================

The workflow here began with two different categories of metadata.

* First, a list of *books available,* -- basically, [all the English-language fiction I could find in HathiTrust.](https://github.com/tedunderwood/noveltmmeta) For a discussion of error in this list, follow the link to the repository where it is discussed.

* On the other hand, lists of volumes identified as belonging to specific genres by specific witnesses. These could be collective witnesses (librarians, OCLC), or specific bibliographies and scholarly works.

    - Some of the lists were drawn from [OCLC's experimental classification webservice](http://classify.oclc.org/classify2/), using code developed by Scott B. Weingart, Rikk Mulligan, Dan Evans, Matt Lavin, and Jessica Otis.

    - Others were based on Library of Congress genre/form classifications present in HathiTrust metadata.

    - Many other lists were drawn manually from specific bibliographies or studies of genre.

Lists that begin **oclc** come from the **Classify** webservice described above. Note that the format of these lists is not consistent; the science_fiction one is older, and was generated by Scott Weingart; the others are more recent and generated by me. They all have a strong bias toward works recently reprinted and tend to neglect older works if not reprinted. The all_fiction list is by no means really comprehensive; I used it only to abbreviate my manual labor, not as a source in itself.

winnowing and deduplicating
---------------------------

I created initial lists of fantasy and science fiction by running **../getdata/select_sf.py** and **../getdata/select_fantasy.py** These scripts create lists of Hathi vols that were either explicitly tagged sf/fantasy or that match the oclc (either through oclc id or through title/auth fuzzy matching).

The next stage is to deduplicate those lists, retaining only the earliest copy of each title. This was done by **../mungedata/dedup2earliest.py** The same script can run on both genres. Note that, in deduplicating, we retain info about the original reason(s) for inclusion of all examples of a title, so a title that was both tagged SF in Hathi and included in the OCLC list will retain tags for both "reasons."